:::tip
[Heart-brain connections: Phenotypic and genetic insights from magnetic resonance images | Science](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.abn6598)
:::
####  Editor’s summary
It is known that cardiovascular disorders correlate with some neurological and psychiatric conditions, but it is not always clear what the connections are and whether they are caused by an innate predisposition or by the stress induced by having a medical condition. To detangle these questions, Zhao _et al_. examined imaging and genetic data from tens of thousands of participants in the UK Biobank and BioBank Japan (see the Perspective by Sacher and Witte). Through this large-scale analysis, the authors uncovered correlations between structure and function of both the heart and the brain, such as links between specific features of cardiac imaging and neuropsychiatric disorders. The authors also used Mendelian randomization to demonstrate shared genetic influences on both the brain and the heart. —Yevgeniya Nusinovich
```html
众所周知，心血管疾病与某些神经和精神疾病相关，但我们并不清楚他们之间的联系是什么，以及他们是否会因为先天易感或者是精神压力引起。为了理清这些问题，赵等人检查了来自英国和日本银行之间数以万计的图像和遗传数据。通过大规模的分析，作者发现了心脏和大脑之间的相关性，例如心脏成像特定特征与精神疾病之间的联系。作者另外使用了孟德尔随机化来证明大脑和心脏之间共享遗传的影响。
```

#### Structured Abstract
###### INTRODUCTION
There is increasing evidence pointing to a close relationship between heart health and brain health, with cardiovascular diseases potentially leading to brain diseases such as stroke, dementia, and cognitive impairment. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a valuable tool that can be used to assess both the heart and brain, generating biomarkers and endophenotypes for various clinical outcomes. However, although recent large-scale analyses have been conducted on heart and brain MRI-derived traits separately, few studies have explored the potential for multiorgan MRI to examine heart-brain connections and identify shared genetic effects. The structural and functional links between the heart and the brain remain unclear.
```html
有越来越多的证据证明大脑和心脏之间有着密切的关系，心血管疾病可能导致脑部疾病，如：中风、痴呆和认知障碍。MRI可用于测试心脑，为多种临床结果生成许多生物标本和内表型。然而，尽管最近有很多关于心脑MRI衍生特征的大规模分析结果，但是少数研究暴露了MRI检查心脑连接并确定内部遗传共享联系的潜力。心脑之间的结构和功能的联系仍然不是很清楚
```

###### RATIONALE
Using multiorgan MRI and genetic data from >40,000 subjects, we aimed to quantify interorgan connections between the heart and brain and identify the underlying genetic variants. Specifically, we analyzed 82 cardiac and aortic MRI-derived traits across six categories: left and right ventricles, left and right atria, and ascending and descending aortas, as well as 458 brain MRI traits that measured structure and function.
```html
使用多器官的MRI和来自40000实验者的遗传数据，我们目标在于量化心脏和大脑之间器官的连接，同时证明他们遗传变异的潜力。特别的，我们分析了留个类别的82个心脏和主动脉的MRI衍生特征：左心室和右心室，左心房和右心房，上升和下降主动脉，以及456个测量结构和功能的大脑MRI特征。
```
###### RESULTS
After controlling for various covariates, we found that heart MRI traits were clearly associated with the brain across all imaging modalities studied. We observed multiple patterns of association for brain gray matter morphometry, white matter microstructure, and functional networks. For example, we found that the left ventricle of the heart showed the strongest correlations with microstructure metrics of cerebral white matter tracts, suggesting that adverse heart features were associated with poorer white matter microstructure.
```html
在控制了许多变量之后，我们发现心脏的MRI特征和大脑的明显相关。我们观察到脑灰质形态测量、白质微观结构和功能网络的多种关联模式。例如，我们发现心脏的左心室与脑蛋白束的微观结构指标最强，表明了心脏的不良情况大多数与蛋白质微观结构的贫弱有关。
```